[doc][tune] Add tune checkpoint user guide. (#33145)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune/api/trainable.rst

.. _tune-function-api:

Function Trainable API
-----------------------------

> The Function API allows you to define a custom training function that Tune will run in parallel Ray actor processes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Function API allows you to define a custom training function that Tune runs in parallel Ray actor processes,
```

> one for each Tune trial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for each Tune trial.
```

> You'll notice that Ray Tune will output extra values in addition to the user reported metrics,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Ray Tune outputs extra values in addition to the user reported metrics,
```

such as ``iterations_since_restore``.
See :ref:`tune-autofilled-metrics` for an explanation/glossary of these values.

> See how to configure checkpoint for class trainable :ref:`here <tune-class-trainable-checkpointing>`.

Reviewer: It's odd to send readers to another doc in the first sentence of a topic. Does this belong further down in the topic?
